Language requirements: o of good German and English s

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4040727496

Embedded software developer for electrical devices (all gender)



#wearealten - The Home of Forward Thinkers

We are the designers of today for the world of tomorrow.

As one of the world's leading development service providers, we are committed to making the future of our partners, the careers of our employees and the challenges for our society and the environment.

More than 50,000 employees in 30 countries are already working on innovative solutions in various engineering and IT industry such as automobile, aerospace, renewable energies, medical technology and rail technology.

A Home Where People Learn and Thrive

Talent Management - We develop your career work Life Balance - Flexible Working Hours and Mobile Working Fit and Relaxed - With Egym well -passenjoy biking - Always on tour with a business cycling green mobility - With us you are discounted

... and of course we offer the usual standards such as 28 days of vacation, many events, permanent employment contract and corporate benefit.

Make it bumps

YOU…

Design, expand and program embedded software for electrical appliances. Concerned the commissioning, the protection and the test of the developed firmware on the target hardware tab in the interdisciplinary development of the interface between software and hardware. Coding guidelines

Be Our Forward Thinker

YOU…

Have a completed degree in electrical engineering, computer science or a comparable course of study knowledge in ARM Cortex MicroControllers and real-time systems Cit. Certainly in dealing with Keil MVision and debugger such as Gitbringst Experience with laboratory and measuring devices such as Logic Analyzer and Oscilloscopes is also of good German and English skills

We value diversity and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion / worldview, disability, age as well as sexual orientation and identity.

Severely disabled people are preferably taken into account with the same suitability.

Still open questions?

Then get in touch with me: Julia Lübke (Tel. +49 711 203791-0)

Or apply now using our online application form.